README.md, before:

# Buntan
Buntan is a generic engine for evaluating logical circuits over TFHE, a fully homomorphic encryption.
Buntan currently supports [TFHEpp](https://github.com/virtualsecureplatform/TFHEpp).

Buntan Supports parallel evaluation due to MPI support.
Buntan utilize [StarPU](https://starpu.gitlabpages.inria.fr/) for scheduling tasks and MPI support.

## Build
Buntan requires MPIC++, MPIExec, and StarPU installed.
Since Main-Support utility requires MPI Master Slave Support of StarPU, StarPU 1.3.10 is recommended.
In order to utilize MPI utility(runtime_mpi), option "--enable-mpi" is required when building StarPU(On by default)
In order to utilize Main-Support utility(runtime_ms), option "--enable-mpi-master-slave" is required when building StarPU

It is required to build TFHEpp as shared library.
(Build option as shared library soon will be implemented on TFHEpp. since then, you must edit thirdparties/TFHEpp/src/CMakelists.txt, and thirdparties/TFHEpp/thirdparties/spqlios/CMakelists.txt)

```
$ git submodule update --init --recursive
$ mkdir build && cd build
$ cmake ..
$ make
```

## About Executables
 - client         -generate inputs of circuit and save in ./cloud.data
 - client_manual  -generate inputs manually
 - runtime_unode  -evaluate circuit without using mpi and save in ./result.data
 - runtime_mpi    -evaluate circuit on StarPU MPI Support
 - runtime_ms     -evaluate circuit on StarPU MPI Master Slave Support
 - verify         -show result by using secret key

## Compile Options
 - plain_mode     -evaluate in plain operand
 - dump_mode      -show debug info
 - use_simple_FF  -ignore clock and reset input of FF
 - perf_measure   -measure and show duration of procesing
 - use_lvl0       -use TLWElvl0 as a format of coded message

## Execution Options
 - circuit        -give path of json file which describe the circuit to evaluate(./circuit.json by default)
 - repetition     -give number of evaluation(once by default)

Commit message:

improve build option of TFHEpp

README.md, after:

# Buntan
Buntan is a generic engine for evaluating logical circuits over TFHE, a fully homomorphic encryption.
Buntan currently supports [TFHEpp](https://github.com/virtualsecureplatform/TFHEpp).

Buntan Supports parallel evaluation due to MPI support.
Buntan utilize [StarPU](https://starpu.gitlabpages.inria.fr/) for scheduling tasks and MPI support.

## Build
Buntan requires MPIC++, MPIExec, and StarPU installed.
Since Main-Support utility requires MPI Master Slave Support of StarPU, StarPU 1.3.10 is recommended.
In order to utilize MPI utility(runtime_mpi), option "--enable-mpi" is required when building StarPU(On by default)
In order to utilize Main-Support utility(runtime_ms), option "--enable-mpi-master-slave" is required when building StarPU

It is required to build TFHEpp as shared library.
(It can be done automatically in current version)
(If you want to try older version, you must edit thirdparties/TFHEpp/src/CMakelists.txt, and thirdparties/TFHEpp/thirdparties/spqlios/CMakelists.txt)

```
$ git submodule update --init --recursive
$ mkdir build && cd build
$ cmake ..
$ make
```

## About Executables
 - client         -generate inputs of circuit and save in ./cloud.data
 - client_manual  -generate inputs manually
 - runtime_unode  -evaluate circuit without using mpi and save in ./result.data
 - runtime_mpi    -evaluate circuit on StarPU MPI Support
 - runtime_ms     -evaluate circuit on StarPU MPI Master Slave Support
 - verify         -show result by using secret key

## Compile Options
 - plain_mode     -evaluate in plain operand
 - dump_mode      -show debug info
 - use_simple_FF  -ignore clock and reset input of FF
 - perf_measure   -measure and show duration of procesing
 - use_lvl0       -use TLWElvl0 as a format of coded message

## Execution Options
 - circuit        -give path of json file which describe the circuit to evaluate(./circuit.json by default)
 - repetition     -give number of evaluation(once by default)
